It is a VERY common opinion that umber hulks can go fuck themselves.
The hands of Rakshasas' in their true form attach to their wrists backwards.
Kua-toa can worship so fervantly that they can create gods.
While Wyverns and Dragons share a draconic ancestry, they are very different creatures. Dragons are sapient, walk on four legs, and have two wings. Wyverns are animalistic, and only have two legs, and two wings similar to bats.
While its looks are decieving, a Hydra is a monster, not draconic.
All Giants have a pretty intimidating build, but among themselves Giants have an Ordning, an extremely strict caste system that allows upper ranks to lord over all beneath them.
Where-what? The most common where-creatures are werewolves, but there are also where-rats, where-bears, where-tigers, and maybe more!
Nature couldn't make an Owlbear, so wizards took it upon themselves! Wizards and mad scientists haven't concluded if a Bearowl could also be made.
They're all evil, but which will jaywalk? Devils, demons, and yugoloths are all evil fiends, but they have different approaches. Devils are lawful, demons are chaotic, and yugoloths are neutral.
Perytons look like huge, deer-headed birds, but they cast a human shadow.
The origin of Demons are aliens from a different universe.
Kobolds can make jewellery.
Cows cost 10 gold pieces.
Did you know that dragonborn dont come from dragons BUT half-dragons do, and they can come from any race!
Everyone knows that the product of an orc mating with an ogre is an ogrillon, but did you know that orcs can also produce offspring with goblins? They are known as 'Gorclins' and are literally half goblin and half orc with each half forming one side of the body, right or left (depending on which parent was which race).
Bugbears are neither bugs nor bears.
Bulettes were created magically and therefore do not reproduce naturally.
A severed troll limb may continue to attack or pursue its target after being detached.
There could potentially be tons of doppelgangers around us and we have no idea because they're too afraid to come out about their shapeshifting abilities.
Phase Spiders are practically immune to banishment like effects.
Despite Yugoloths being evil fiends, they rarely mean harm unless if they're contracted to do so. They never do any more work than what is required.
Sphinxes are one of the only creatures able to manipulate time.
Even though the Minotaur is a creature without much intelligence, it can always find it's way out of any maze easily.
Dybbuks have more powerful teleportation abilities than any other being in the multiverse.
A Lich can feed off of the souls of demons if they do not wish to kill mortals.
Celestials can be just as dangerous as fiends depending on their definition of evil.
Eating a troll can cause the consumer to inherit some of their regeneration effects, often causing severe mutations.
A Yagnoloth's only piece of clothing is usually just a book over it's loins.
Hags are unable to disguise themselves as men no matter what.
If things are seeming off and unnatural, it's likely because it's in Balhannoth territory.
Slaad are only aggressive when they are ready to breed. Outside of breeding times, they're usually harmless tricksters.
Xorns are typically traders and merchants who search for rare metals and gems even with their alien body.
Succubi and Incubi are the only known fiends who can reproduce through sexual reproduction.
Goblins will always aim for the feet first if left unprotected. This make it quite difficult for more animalistic races.
Coming into contact with Rutterkin saliva can cause someone to turn into a demon given enough time.
Steel dragons change into human form to experience the human existence, while doing so they make them self temporarily forget that they are dragons for full immersion.
Mimics can grow to the size of a house some even bigger.
A blue Dragon has a horn on the middle of his head with two points. Not having this is considered a birth defect for blue dragons.
Despite being aggressive warmongers, hobgoblins nurture strong family ties?
Male and female gnolls are so similar in appearance that even they have trouble telling each other apart.
Gibbering mouthers have a brain that moves around inside their amorphous bodies, making it a difficult target.
Devils have a complex legal system and that a mortal could theoretically sue a devil in infernal court.
The minds of most beholders are divided into two separate entities that strongly mistrust each other.
When two gelatinous cubes meet, they can temporarily fuse into a larger form which acts like a single creature.
All oozes originate as fragments that split off from the body of the god Juiblex.
Zombies have a baseline urge to extinguish life and will attack anything living if not commanded to do otherwise.
A wraith is basically a soul that imploded with negative energy due to being too evil.
A vampire won't attack anyone wielding a mirror.
Modron forms are ranked by how many tasks they can perform at a given time.
Flesh golems can potentially become intelligent and free-willed if they manage to retain the memories of the beings they were pieced together from.
Planetars are sometimes sent to mortal planes to exterminate entire populations deemed too evil by their god.
Manticore hide is used to make luxury furniture, such as chairs.